Privacy Policy for DaoLeStudio
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application for mobile devices that was created by Developer DaoLeStudio. The Application is Basic description of the app (features, functionality and content)

What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
 
User Provided Information

The Application obtains the information you provide when you download and register the Application. Registration with us is optional. However, please keep in mind that you may not be able to use some of the features offered by the Application unless you register with us.

Automatically Collected Information
In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application.

Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?

This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.

Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?

does collect anonymous usage data. This data does not include your original device identification numbers, your real personality or your personal data if it''s not directly given by you in an open form.

In some cases DaoLeStudio may communicate directly with a 3rd party server to obtain latest data for display within the app (such as rss feeds, artist/song images and informations) . When this happens - we don't transmit any data about you or your usage to these 3rd parties except where explicitly stated. Please check these 3rd parties (where applicable) for their additional privacy policies.

if Developer DaoLeStudio is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.

What are my opt-out rights?

You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.

Children

We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at luckydev@mail.com We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.

Advertising Banner Privacy Policy Developer DaoLeStudio may display advertisements on various places in the application. This system may use and transmit basic regional/language information about you to the advertising banner system in order to provide you with relevant ads. In some cases, we may have agreements with sponsors and we may hide advertisements in that situation. Eventhough the advertisement may get hidden in that situation, we may provide similar informations to sponsors or 3rd parties.

3rd Party Content Privacy Policy Developer DaoLeStudio may display live web pages or images from 3rd party sources and in these cases you should read the privacy policies displayed by these websites. We use Google Image Search for some of the images related to now playing info.

Contact us

If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at luckydev@mail.com
